Replace Mazer references with ansible-galaxy (#59487)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/collections_tech_preview.rst

Creating collections
====================

This is currently a work in progress with some basic commands being integrated into the existing ``ansible-galaxy``
command line tool that is included with Ansible.

.. note::
    Any references to ``ansible-galaxy`` below will be of a 'working version' that is in development for the 2.9
    release. As such, the command and this documentation section is subject to frequent changes.

Currently the ``ansible-galaxy collection`` command implements the following sub commands:

> * ``init``: Create a basic collection skeleton based on the default template included with Ansible or your own

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``init``: Create a basic collection skeleton based on the default template included with Ansible or your own.
```

> * ``build``: Create a collection artifact that can be uploaded to Galaxy or your own repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``build``: Create a collection artifact that can be uploaded to Galaxy or your own repository.
```

> * ``publish``: Publish a built collection artifact to Galaxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``publish``: Publish a built collection artifact to Galaxy.
```

> * ``install``: Install one or multiple collections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``install``: Install one or multiple collections.
```

> You can learn more about the ``ansible-galaxy`` cli tool by read the :ref:`ansible-galaxy` man page._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about the ``ansible-galaxy`` cli tool, read the :ref:`ansible-galaxy` man page.
```

In the end, to get started with authoring a new collection it should be as simple as:

.. code-block:: bash

    collection_dir#> ansible-galaxy collection init namespace.collection

> And then populating the directories with the content you want inside the collection. You can also have a look at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And then populating the directories with the content you want inside the collection. See
```

https://github.com/bcoca/collection to get a better idea of what can be placed inside a collection.

.. _building_collections:

Building collections
====================

> Collections are built by running ``ansible-galaxy collection build`` from inside the collection's root directory. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run ``ansible-galaxy collection build`` from inside the collection's root directory to build a collection. This
```

> will create a tarball of the built collection in the current directory which can be uploaded to Galaxy.::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
creates a tarball of the built collection in the current directory which can be uploaded to Galaxy.::
```

.. code-block:: bash

   # Will install the collection to /path/ansible_collections/mynamespace/mycollection
   ansible-galaxy collection install mynamespace.mycollection -p /path

assuming the collection is hosted in Galaxy.

You can also use a tarball resulting from your build:

.. code-block:: bash

   # Will install the collection to ./collections/ansible_collections/mynamespace/mycollection

>    ansible-galaxy install mynamespace-mycollection-0.1.0.tar.gz -p ./collections/ansible_collections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ansible-galaxy collection install mynamespace-mycollection-0.1.0.tar.gz -p ./collections/ansible_collections
```

.. note::
    The install command will automatically append the path ``ansible_collections`` to the one specified unless the
    parent directory is already in a folder called ``ansible_collections``.

As a path you should use one of the values configured in :ref:`COLLECTIONS_PATHS`. This is also where Ansible itself will expect to find collections when attempting to use them.

You can also keep a collection adjacent to the current playbook, under a ``collections/ansible_collections/`` directory structure.

::

    play.yml
    ├── collections/

>     │   └── ansbile_collections/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    │   └── ansible_collections/
```

    │               └── myname/
    │                   └── mycol/<collection structure lives here>

> By default ``ansible-galaxy`` will install the latest collection that is available but a version range identifier can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default ``ansible-galaxy`` installs the latest collection that is available but  you can add a version range identifier 
```

> be used to filter the version that is installed like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to install a specific version as follows:
```

.. code-block:: bash

   # Install the collection at 1.0.0
   ansible-galaxy collection install mynamespace.mycollection:1.0.0

   # Install the collection at 1.0.0-beta.1
   ansible-galaxy collection install mynamespace.mycollection:==1.0.0-beta.1

   # Only install the collections that are greater than or equal to 1.0.0 or less than 2.0.0
   ansible-galaxy collection install mynamespace.mycollection:>=1.0.0,<2.0.0

> Multiple range identifiers can be specified and are split by ``,``. The following range identifiers can be used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify multiple range identifiers which are split by ``,``. You can use the following range identifiers:
```

* ``*``: Any version, this is the default used when no range specified is set.

> * ``!=``: Version is not equal to the one specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``!=``: Version is not equal to the one specified.
```

> * ``==``: Version must be the one specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``==``: Version must be the one specified.
```

> * ``>=``: Version is greater than or equal to the one specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``>=``: Version is greater than or equal to the one specified.
```

> * ``>``: Version is greater than the one specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``>``: Version is greater than the one specified.
```

> * ``<=``: Version is less than or equal to the one specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``<=``: Version is less than or equal to the one specified.
```

> * ``<``: Version is less than the one specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``<``: Version is less than the one specified.
```

.. note::

>     The ansible-galaxy command will ignore any pre-release versions unless the ``==`` range identifier is used to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The ``ansible-galaxy`` command  ignores any pre-release versions unless the ``==`` range identifier is used to
```
